This is a template email to send to someone interested in doing a case
study of their use of TortoiseCVS.  To use it, edit the first paragraph
after the "hello" to personalise it according to how you came into
contact with the person.  Also change your name at the end of the email.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Hello,

Thanks for agreeing to answer questions for a case study on your use of
TortoiseCVS.  Can you answer the following questions, giving as much
information as you can.  Make sure you include any particularly
interesting, amusing or important things that come to mind.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

1. Privacy and general details

1.1 The answers to all your questions may be used in some form on the
TortoiseCVS web site.  Please confirm that this is OK with you.

1.2 It's helpful if we can refer to your name and email address in
public in relation to the case study.  Are you happy for us to do that?

1.3 Can you give the full name of your organisation, its web site, your
job position, and a brief description of the sort of work the
organisation does?

-----------------------------------------------------------------

2. Changing to CVS

2.1 What version control did you use before?  If different users used
different systems describe how many of each, and include those that used
no version control at all, or just a file share.

2.2 Can you tell the story of who in your organisation first thought of
using CVS, how they heard of it, and how the organistion came to use it
more generally?

2.3 How long did it take you to train your team to use TortoiseCVS?

2.4 What are the uses for TortoiseCVS in your company (i.e. source code,
document version control, graphics revision control)?  Please describe
roughly how many people use it for each purpose, and what their job
positions are are.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

3. Advantages and disadvantages of TortoiseCVS

3.1 What problems did you have with your old version control systems, and
which of them have been fixed by changing to TortoiseCVS?

3.2 What new problems that you didn't have before do you have with CVS
and/or TortoiseCVS?

3.3 Have you or do you use CVS clients other than TortoiseCVS, and if so
which ones, to what extent, and why?

3.4 How many "support" calls does the administrator get on TortoiseCVS?

3.5 How much money, if any, will your organization be saving, by making this
move?

3.6 How many people could or should be using CVS in your organisation but
aren't?  What are they using instead and why?  Again include those who
use no version control.

3.7 What do you like most about TortoiseCVS?

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for answering the questions!  Your information will be invaluable
to others considering using TortoiseCVS.  

If you have thought of specific bug reports, or feature requests while
answering the questions, then please add them to the project tracker on
SourceForge http://www.sf.net/projects/tortoisecvs.

Thanks for your help,

Francis


